2012-11-07,1
gesticulate tremendously but cannot agree
"I can't thrash Aunt March
trouble was poverty.  She found it harder to bear than the others
tempest, declaring she couldn't bear it
When I think of this _deggerredation_
couldn't bear to stop
of a schoolgirl
sense of wrong and the thought of Jenny Snow helped her to bear it
well enough yet to bear the light of this fairy piece.  Next week you
made her own easier to bear and strengthened her resolution to cure it
it comes, that home may be comfortable and
to bear fruit.  Go on, patiently and bravely
"No, and she'd shut us all up in
"I can't bear saints.  Just be a simple, respectable boy
children
dress.  I felt bad but did not fret I bear my troubles well but I do
"I don't think I can bear it," thought Amy
the grand piano
doesn't look like my Beth
try to bear it if it comes."
head off when I proposed a telegram.  I never can bear to be 'lorded
thoughts in the little chapel really began to bear fruit.  She dried
good many hard times in this life of ours
"I've been shaken
minute it was made.  She meant to warn him that Laurie would not bear
grandfather.  I won't bear it."
to plague you and will bear it like a man
"I don't approve of the match, and
for ridicule is often harder to bear than self-denial. Meg knew that if
we can only wonder at, and bear as we best can.
"Tell me quick
and bear with them, but
a tender patience with which to bear and comfort the natural longings
bear French, silly sort of language
try to bear it cheerfully
gratefully she would bear it.
hate poverty
"No, but I can bear it
a fierce tone, Jo
Laurie turned round
man's pride could not bear a man's pity.
hard to think of or to bear.  Try to see it so and don't be troubled
How could you shut me out
might as well stay and plague you a little longer
But we are all so fond and proud of you
can't help wishing you'd bear it better, dear."
and tried to bear it cheerfully
hard to bear as pain,
Laurie could not bear to disturb it by a word.  It took him a little
seemed easier to bear, and life looked more
"Poor Jo!  We left you to bear it alone
on it.  You've had a great deal to bear
and Amy were safe and happy
penetration
'the bear-man' with pensive affability
of plate
"I'm glad you are poor.  I couldn't bear a rich husband
rest easy to bear.  I have my duty, and my work. I couldn't enjoy
